


[03 January 2010, Sunday 8:13 p.m. EST]

Ok so finally here we are at the start of the year. I wanted to think
of a simple way to maintain my diary with out the hassle of compiling
it etc.

More in the next entry.

Cheers,
Reuben

[04 January 2010, Monday 1:27 a.m. EST]

I spoke to Mom today. I managed to ask Mom an question I was dying to
ask for a while. I really wanted to know why did she not like
Vandy?. Well it so happens that she spoke to Monty Uncle when she was
in Hyderabad for Anand's wedding. There she asked him about his
opinion and he was like, she would not be right for the family, as she
could not stick to one guy. He also felt that Vandy was a pampered
brat and was a little self centered. I find that a bit surprising
considering the fact that she wants to contribute so much back.

I for one knew about the whole affair related with the other dude when
she was going around with Saurabh. I had my doubts about going ahead
with it but I went forward inspite of it. Which I believe was a
mistake. Anyway its good to have that issue cleared up.

But as I had my reasons for the whole thing. Primarily I did not see
her fitting in well at home. I don't know what it was, but then so
thats that. Interesting way to start the day,

So the idea for now is to get up early in the morning and head to the
library and get some work done. Guess thats about it.

Cheers,
Reuben

[05 January 2010, Tuesday 6:20 p.m. EST]

I was reading up this entry from the art of manliness that dealt with
defining your values. This kind of reminded me about the fact that I
had to do the same. I believe I have listed the my values below in an
order I consider them important to my self.

* Discipline & Control: I believe I should have the discipline to
control and direct my thoughts and actions in ways that would help me
achieve my goals

* Family: To Be a caring brother and son to Becca, Mom and Dad

* Truth & Honesty: To always be honest and truthful about matters.

* Knowledge: To Read and acquire knowledge, to become a well rounded
  human being.

* Financial Security: To become financially secure by getting a job and
providing for Mom and Dad.

The point is that now that I have defined my core values how do I go
about achieving them. I think we have to take it one value at a time,
and record my progress as I go along. But at the same time review the
state of my other values so that I don't forget what I aim to achieve.

So for starters this is what I will be doing. First I will put down
these values into a text file and keep them displayed on my desktop
all the time. Doing that right now.

First I believe I have to work on my self discipline that I feel is
severely lacking and has been the cause for me not performing up to my
potential. I think one way to go about becoming disciplined is by
reading books and implementing what they say.

Guess so much for now.

Cheers,
Reuben

[07 January 2010, Thursday 12:17 a.m. EST]

